When the Vestals invaded New Vestroia and captured
all the Bakugan, they didn't count on Drago and
I returning to free our friends.
Time to get... serious!
So we joined the Bakugan Battle Brawlers Resistance!
Together we have a chance to defeat the Vexos, take
back New Vestroia and save the Bakugan once and for all!
[battle squawk]
Let's go, Drago!
Bakugan... Brawl!
[\u266a]
My Prince.
I have recruited
a former Battle Brawler to our side.
It's Mira Fermin...
She's Professor Clay's daughter.
Aaah...
You are always full of surprises, loyal Spectra,
but this...
And I thought the Professor only had a son.
What...
I'm surprised my prince knows about Clay's son.
Your prince...
knows many things.... You might be surprised.
So you're Mira...
I have high hopes for you my friend...
I am counting on you to help me complete my... collection.
Collection?
[chuckling]
Would you like to see it?
[\u266a]
Gasp! Those are...
Of course you know of the six ancient, warrior
Bakugan who saved New Vestroia.
I have collected five so far.
But one of them still eludes me...Perhaps you'll
get it for me, Mira Fermin.
The ultimate Bakugan....
...Pyrus dragonoid Drago.
Prince Hydron.
We're receiving a transmission from Vestal.
Vestal? [sigh] Very well.
Please put it through here...
That is all.
You are both dismissed.
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in
\"Underground Takedown\".
Prince Hydron...
It amazes me how you can always find new ways to fail me.
My dear father...
How nice of you to call to lend your son such
unwavering support.
Don't talk back...
Remember which one of us is King.
How could I forget?
And what is the King so upset
about this time?
Can't you guess?
Oh...
I suppose that...
you must be worried and concerned about the
destruction of Dimension Controllers Alpha and
Beta...
But you have nothing to fear father.
As long as the Controller here in Gamma City is
operational, we have complete control over the Bakugan.
I would never let you down, my King.
For your sake...
I hope you're right.
If we lose Gamma City, we lose everything.
Sire, the Vexos are on site...
they will protect the Gamma Controller at all costs.
They'd better, Hydron.
[annoyed sigh]
I told him I'd handle it...
But he worries about me too much.
Still...
Mylene...
Yes? I'm here.
Good...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers Resistance will
be arriving quite soon.
Those annoying kids are bold when they're together
but you've shown... how weak they are on their own.
Divide and conquer.
Yes, your highness.
And be sure to save the last one for me, won't you?
You, Prince Hydron?
I have to put on a show for my father.
So he can see how foolish it is to doubt my ability.
I will make the arrangements.
See that you do.
What a spoiled brat...
[dismissive grunt]
That should be good for a laugh.
Are you reading me, Lync?
It's Hydron.
Yes, Lync here.
I want you to take care of something for me.
Of course.
Spectra should be returning to Gamma City soon.
Tell him I want the mechanical Bakugan they've
been making for me
prepared for brawling as soon as possible.
Yes, my Prince.
[closed-mouth amused]
Prince Hydron has delusions of grandeur.
Oh...
and one more thing...
Keep a very close eye on Spectra.
He's becoming far too independent for my liking.
I know he's up to something.
Did you get that?
[amused laugh]
You've got a tough job.
Since you are going to keep an eye on me you'd
better have this, Lync.
It seems the time to strike is now.
[closed-mouth confident chuckle]
Here we are.
Gamma City.
Whoa!
Ah man, look at the size of that Dimension
Controller!
No...It's not the controller, it's the
elevator that connects Gamma City to the
Vespalace.
That's handy.
Then where is...
the Dimension Controller?
It's down there!
The whole city's underground?
Oh yeah!
Gamma City is much more top-secret than Alpha and
Beta Cities.
This was the first Dimension Controller to
land on New Vestroia.
It's the strongest one of all.
Okay...
So how do we get inside?
That way.
With the central elevator it's going to take us
straight down to the heart of Gamma city.
For once, something that is easy!
Come on. Lets get the show on the road...
Wait Dan.
This whole thing's too easy.
Huh? What do you mean?
Just take a look around.
What? Where?
The Vexos know we're coming but there's no security.
Not a single guard.
He's right...
It's like they're daring us to come inside.
They are.
It's a trap.
Now what?
I'd look for another way in...
but that's it.
What do you say, Dan?
It's not like we have a choice...
We have one last Dimension Controller to destroy...
Then the Bakugan are free again.
We didn't come this far to hang around outside.
We've got to go all the way!
Dan...
let's go!
My head says we should be careful.
But then we'd only end up back in the same place.
Yes!
Right!
Shun?
Are you in?
All right...
But everyone...
you need to be on the lookout.
OK!
You've got it!
All right. Let's do this!
Oh yeah!
Okay, go!
[\u266a]
So this is the entrance to Gamma City?
Yo, Dan! Quick!
The main elevator's over there.
Not so fast!
Who's that?
Volt?
I wondered when you'd show.
[battle yell]
If you want inside you'll have to get past me.
Yeah?
Well, that shouldn't take very long.
Gauntlet...
Power Strike!
Baron?
Nemus and I will take care of this.
Right, Nemus?
Right, Baron!
Gate Card Set!
[\u266a]
Bakugan... Brawl!
Haos Brontes Stand!
[\u266a]
Time for your spanking, baby brawler!
[menacing, confident laugh]
We'll see...
Bakugan Brawl!
Nemus Stand!
[ready for battle roar]
[\u266a]
[battle roar]
Ahhh...
You're too slow!
I'll hold him off, now go!
Okay!
We'll go on to smash the controller!
Are you with me?
Uh huh!
Just me and you...
Ability Activate!
Ability Card Set.
Jeel Frontier!
[attack roar]
[\u266a]
[cocky, mocking laugh]
Where'd the spares come from?
Who ordered the super size fries?
You'll need a much bigger army to defeat us!
[attack]
It's just an illusion!
Hey... That's good...
We have nothing to worry about.
We're not afraid of ghosts are we?
You will be when I'm done.
Let's do it, Nemus!
Ability Activate!
Huh? What happened?
This ability is more than illusion...
Jeel Frontier shuts down any ability.
And not only that, it also subtracts two hundred from
your Power Level.
[\u266a]
Nemus!
[attack] [pain]
[aggressive grunt]
Darkus Howl Trigger!
Ability Card Set.
The illusion here was ever thinking you could defeat me!
Nooo!
Another one bites the dust.
You're making so this easy.
We'll show you...
My Life Gauge isn't empty yet!
Nemus and I have been through too much.
And we didn't come here to lose!
Gate Card...
Set!
Bring it on, Big Mouth!
Let's go Nemus!
You got it Baron!
It's crunch time.
[crazy laughter]
Come on!
Right!
Where are the people?
There aren't any.
Gamma City isn't a town.
It's a Bakugan research facility.
But we should still keep it down.
[embarrassed laugh]
Right, keep it down...
Good to go!
So... If the Vexos do show up we'll strike...
we'll use full power and not endanger people.
Yes!
Shaaaaaaaaa!
Welcome to your surprise party!
Shadow Prove and Mylene!
Nothing gets past you fools.
Did somebody order birthday clowns?
We don't have time for this.
Marucho.
What?
Oh...
Right.
Dan, Shun and I will take care of these two.
Yeah, Ingram and I want payback.
So act like a banana and split.
Shun?
[assurance grunt]
Enough!
Gauntlet Power Strike!
Gate Card Set.
Bakugan Brawl!
Aquos Elico, Stand!
You called?
Don't forget me!
Bakugan Brawl!
Darkus Hades, Stand!
[\u266a]
[triumphant battle roar]
My turn...
Bakugan Brawl!
Ventus Ingram Stand!
[power up grunt]
It's about time!
[\u266a]
Bakugan Brawl!
Aquos Elfin Stand!
[ribbet]
Dear Diary, today I'm going to demolish big bad
Bakugans...
Don't say I didn't warn you.
[\u266a]
Me first! Ability Activate!
Sauer Canon!
[\u266a]
Aren't ya gonna warm up?
Watch out, Shun!
Ability Activate!
Armoured Victory.
Elfin! Brace yourself...
[summoning power roar]
Ability Activate!
Blue Shield!
[full body ribbet]
[giggle]
Let's fight this fire...
with water!
[\u266a]
Nah, nah! Can't touch me!
Get them...!
Gotta go.
Right...
Good luck... We're outa here...
You got them.
You're going to bring the whole city down.
Where do you think you're going?
Come back here!
Just let them go...
Leave them to the others.
Whaddya mean?
Hydron wants Dan Kuso for himself.
We just need to focus on this battle.
Now recharge.
Your precious, pile of junk has run out of juice.
Elico, Ability Activate!
Scramble Zwei!
Not so fast!
Ability Activate!
Delta Marine Snow!
Let it snow!
What?
Why won't my Power Level rise?
What's wrong?
Something's up...
Hades won't recharge.
It's a time out...
We've blocked all your abilities until you start
behaving yourselves.
[ribbet]
Shun... Take it!
Common Ingram. Let's roll!
Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate!
Shadow Echo!
Got it.
Where did she go?
[struggle]
[\u266a]
Elico decrease 200.
Impossible!
You may have won that round but I'll make you pay!
Ability Card Set.
Let's do it again, Elfin...
Ability Activate!
Shooting Stardust!
[battle growl]
Power Level exchange complete.
[yodeling battle cry]
And one more!
Hades! Did she hurt you?
How could a little dweebazoid like you do
that to me?
[frustrated yeowl]
This time... we're first...
Gate Card Open!
Bakugan Brawl!
Ventus Ingram Stand!
[\u266a]
[battle roar]
Say nighty night, loser!
Bakugan Brawl!
What is this?
These are the elite Mechanical Bakugan that
Father and I have been developing for Prince Hydron.
You're going to give these to Prince Hydron?
[evil chuckle]
I have decided it would be better to keep them for myself.
Soon I will convert the receptors so they will
only respond to my commands.
With these and Helios, I will control hold the most
powerful Combination Bakugan in the universe!
Even if he is fighting against the Perfect
Dragonoid, there is no
way Helios can lose!
[evil chuckle]
There is no one who can stand in my way...
Soon they will all kneel before me... the Vexos!
Prince Hydron!
And even the king himself!
After that there will be no limit to my power!
[full bodied evil laugh]
Oh Keith...
Only a few more adjustments and they'll be finished.
Gus, Mira,
take these Bakugan.
Use them in battle...
Then I want you to bring back the data on Percival
and Drago.
You want me to fight...?
All due respect, Master Spectra...
But are you sure it's safe to trust Mira?
Once again you are questioning me, Gus.
It's just...
I don't think it's smart...
She is none of your concern...
Now activate the Trans system.
Yes sir.
[\u266a]
Take them and go.
Dan Kuso and Ace will arrive soon.
[\u266a]
What's the matter, Nemus?
[wild laugh]
Which one? Which one?
I'll use a Bakugan Trap to escape this trap...
Go Haos Guardian!
Changing up, noob?
Ability Activate!
Darkus Scythe!
Time to slice and dice!
[attack roar]
Hey freak, it's not safe waving that thing around...
Ability Activate!
Soliton Deflector.
Now, Ability Activate!
Spark Roa!
That oughta bring you down.
[agonized scream]
[\u266a]
There's still more where that came from.
Ability Activate!
Shadow Split!
[\u266a]
Choose or lose, Hades.
[confused roar]
[frustrated yell]
Just grab one. Any one!
If you can't keep it together, I'll take over...
Bakugan Brawl!
Elico Stand!
Attribute change!
[battle roar]
Oh Yes! Haos Elico is here!
Ability Activate!
Now, Flash Freeze!
Ingram!
What's happening?
[gasp]
No!
[grunt]
[struggle]
Cowards!
Move it, Shadow Prove!
Shaaaaa!
Now for some serious grindage!
Ability Activate!
Phaser Trident!
[\u266a]
Okay Elfin...
You're on!
Bakugan Brawl!
Elfin Stand!
Attribute Change!
I'm in a Ventus kind of mood!
[ribbet]
Sun, wind and rain combine!
Ventus Elfin will blow you away.
So hang on tight!
Ability Activate!
Jamming Out!
[happy, twirling cry]
[\u266a]
[ribbet] Getting dizzy?
[withstanding explosion]
No.... What the?
Jamming Out reflects an opponent's attack right
back at them...
So thanks for taking Elico out!
Where's that from?
They're brawling.
Guess this means it's my turn next.
It's just a little further.
I hope the others are okay.
We'll go back for them...
as soon as we finish here!
Dan! Up ahead!
If I were you I wouldn't worry about your friends.
It's Gus and... N-No way!
Mira!
Then it's true!
Okay Mira...
Prove you are loyal to Spectra...
I want to see it with my own eyes.
I can't believe Mira, leader of the Resistance
has joined up with the Vexos!
And she's brawling with everything she's got.
And she's got a lot!
Like, an army of Mechanical Bakugan.
But we can't hold back!
We've gotta win this battle and demolish the
final Controller even if it means taking Mira down.
Next time it's all brawlers on deck!
We need every Bakugan we've got to shut the
Vexos down!
Come on, Percival!
Let's do this!
We're heating things up!
[\u266a]